[ADD] 10.0 base_jsonify (#1379)
OCA/server-tools: base_jsonify/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module add the jsonify method to the ORM. This method take as argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds the a `jsonify` method to every model in the ORM.
It works on the current recordset and requires a single argument `parser` that specifies the fields to extract.
```
